---
layout: default
---
<div class='links' style='float:right'><a href="../index.html">Index</a>
<a href="http://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/source/embedding/browser/nsIContextMenuListener.idl">Source file</a>
</div>
# nsIContextMenuListener #
  
An optional interface for embedding clients wishing to receive  
notifications for context menu events (e.g. generated by  
a user right-mouse clicking on a link). The embedder implements  
this interface on the web browser chrome object associated  
with the window that notifications are required for. When a context  
menu event, the browser will call this interface if present.  
  
@see nsIDOMNode  
@see nsIDOMEvent  
  

## Methods ##

### onShowContextMenu(aContextFlags, aEvent, aNode) ###
  
Called when the browser receives a context menu event (e.g. user is right-mouse  
clicking somewhere on the document). The combination of flags, event and node  
provided in the call indicate where and what was clicked on.  
  
The following table describes what context flags and node combinations are  
possible.  
  
<TABLE>  
<TR><TD><B>aContextFlag</B></TD><TD>aNode</TD></TR>  
<TR><TD>CONTEXT_LINK</TD><TD>&lt;A&gt;</TD></TR>  
<TR><TD>CONTEXT_IMAGE</TD><TD>&lt;IMG&gt;</TD></TR>  
<TR><TD>CONTEXT_IMAGE | CONTEXT_LINK</TD><TD>&lt;IMG&gt;  
      with an &lt;A&gt; as an ancestor</TD></TR>  
<TR><TD>CONTEXT_INPUT</TD><TD>&lt;INPUT&gt;</TD></TR>  
<TR><TD>CONTEXT_TEXT</TD><TD>&lt;TEXTAREA&gt;</TD></TR>  
<TR><TD>CONTEXT_DOCUMENT</TD><TD>&lt;HTML&gt;</TD></TR>  
</TABLE>  
  
@param aContextFlags Flags indicating the kind of context.  
@param aEvent The DOM context menu event.  
@param aNode The DOM node most relevant to the context.  
  
@return <CODE>NS_OK</CODE> always.  
  

#### Parameters ####

<table>

<tr>
<td>aContextFlags</td>
<td>Flags indicating the kind of context.  
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>aEvent</td>
<td>The DOM context menu event.  
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>aNode</td>
<td>The DOM node most relevant to the context.  
</td>
</tr>

</table>

#### Returns ####

<table>

<tr>
<td><CODE>NS_OK</CODE> always.  
</td>
</tr>

</table>

## Constants ##

### CONTEXT_NONE ###
 Flag. No context. */  

### CONTEXT_LINK ###
 Flag. Context is a link element. */  

### CONTEXT_IMAGE ###
 Flag. Context is an image element. */  

### CONTEXT_DOCUMENT ###
 Flag. Context is the whole document. */  

### CONTEXT_TEXT ###
 Flag. Context is a text area element. */  

### CONTEXT_INPUT ###
 Flag. Context is an input element. */  
