---
layout: default
---
<div id='links'><a href="../index.html">Index</a>
<a href="http://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/source/toolkit/components/places/nsINavHistoryService.idl">Source file</a>
</div>

# nsINavHistoryQueryOptions #
<pre>  
This object represents the global options for executing a query.  
  
</pre>
## Methods ##

### clone() ###
<pre>  
Creates a new options item with the same parameters of this one.  
  
</pre>
## Attributes ##

### sortingMode ###
<pre>  
The sorting mode to be used for this query.  
mode is one of SORT_BY_*  
  
</pre>
### sortingAnnotation ###
<pre>  
The annotation to use in SORT_BY_ANNOTATION_* sorting modes.  
  
</pre>
### resultType ###
<pre>  
Sets the result type. One of RESULT_TYPE_* which includes how URIs are  
represented.  
  
</pre>
### excludeItems ###
<pre>  
This option excludes all URIs and separators from a bookmarks query.  
This would be used if you just wanted a list of bookmark folders and  
queries (such as the left pane of the places page).  
Defaults to false.  
  
</pre>
### excludeQueries ###
<pre>  
Set to true to exclude queries ("place:" URIs) from the query results.  
Simple folder queries (bookmark folder symlinks) will still be included.  
Defaults to false.  
  
</pre>
### excludeReadOnlyFolders ###
<pre>  
DO NOT USE THIS API. IT'LL BE REMOVED IN BUG 1072833.  
  
Set to true to exclude live bookmarks from the query results.  
  
</pre>
### expandQueries ###
<pre>  
When set, allows items with "place:" URIs to appear as containers,  
with the container's contents filled in from the stored query.  
If not set, these will appear as normal items. Doesn't do anything if  
excludeQueries is set. Defaults to false.  
  
Note that this has no effect on folder links, which are place: URIs  
returned by nsINavBookmarkService.GetFolderURI. These are always expanded  
and will appear as bookmark folders.  
  
</pre>
### includeHidden ###
<pre>  
Some pages in history are marked "hidden" and thus don't appear by default  
in queries.  These include automatic framed visits and redirects.  Setting  
this attribute will return all pages, even hidden ones.  Does nothing for  
bookmark queries. Defaults to false.  
  
</pre>
### maxResults ###
<pre>  
This is the maximum number of results that you want. The query is exeucted,  
the results are sorted, and then the top 'maxResults' results are taken  
and returned. Set to 0 (the default) to get all results.  
  
THIS DOES NOT WORK IN CONJUNCTION WITH SORTING BY TITLE. This is because  
sorting by title requires us to sort after using locale-sensetive sorting  
(as opposed to letting the database do it for us).  
  
Instead, we get the result ordered by date, pick the maxResult most recent  
ones, and THEN sort by title.  
  
</pre>
### queryType ###
<pre>  
The type of search to use when querying the DB; This attribute is only  
honored by query nodes. It is silently ignored for simple folder queries.  
  
</pre>
### asyncEnabled ###
<pre>  
When this is true, the root container node generated by these options and  
its descendant containers will be opened asynchronously if they support it.  
This is false by default.  
  
@note Currently only bookmark folder containers support being opened  
      asynchronously.  
  
</pre>
## Constants ##

### SORT_BY_NONE ###
<pre>  
You can ask for the results to be pre-sorted. Since the DB has indices  
of many items, it can produce sorted results almost for free. These should  
be self-explanatory.  
  
Note: re-sorting is slower, as is sorting by title or when you have a  
host name.  
  
For bookmark items, SORT_BY_NONE means sort by the natural bookmark order.  
  
</pre>
### SORT_BY_TITLE_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_TITLE_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_DATE_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_DATE_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_URI_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_URI_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_VISITCOUNT_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_VISITCOUNT_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_KEYWORD_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_KEYWORD_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_DATEADDED_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_DATEADDED_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_LASTMODIFIED_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_LASTMODIFIED_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_TAGS_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_TAGS_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_ANNOTATION_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_ANNOTATION_DESCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_FRECENCY_ASCENDING ###

### SORT_BY_FRECENCY_DESCENDING ###

### RESULTS_AS_URI ###
<pre>  
"URI" results, one for each URI visited in the range. Individual result  
nodes will be of type "URI".  
  
</pre>
### RESULTS_AS_VISIT ###
<pre>  
"Visit" results, with one for each time a page was visited (this will  
often give you multiple results for one URI). Individual result nodes will  
have type "Visit"  
  
@note This result type is only supported by QUERY_TYPE_HISTORY.  
  
</pre>
### RESULTS_AS_FULL_VISIT ###
<pre>  
This is identical to RESULT_TYPE_VISIT except that individual result nodes  
will have type "FullVisit".  This is used for the attributes that are not  
commonly accessed to save space in the common case (the lists can be very  
long).  
  
@note Not yet implemented. See bug 409662.  
@note This result type is only supported by QUERY_TYPE_HISTORY.  
  
</pre>
### RESULTS_AS_DATE_QUERY ###
<pre>  
This returns query nodes for each predefined date range where we   
had visits. The node contains information how to load its content:  
- visits for the given date range will be loaded.  
  
@note This result type is only supported by QUERY_TYPE_HISTORY.  
  
</pre>
### RESULTS_AS_SITE_QUERY ###
<pre>  
This returns nsINavHistoryQueryResultNode nodes for each site where we   
have visits. The node contains information how to load its content:  
- last visit for each url in the given host will be loaded.  
  
@note This result type is only supported by QUERY_TYPE_HISTORY.  
  
</pre>
### RESULTS_AS_DATE_SITE_QUERY ###
<pre>  
This returns nsINavHistoryQueryResultNode nodes for each day where we   
have visits. The node contains information how to load its content:  
- list of hosts visited in the given period will be loaded.  
  
@note This result type is only supported by QUERY_TYPE_HISTORY.  
  
</pre>
### RESULTS_AS_TAG_QUERY ###
<pre>  
This returns nsINavHistoryQueryResultNode nodes for each tag.  
The node contains information how to load its content:  
- list of bookmarks with the given tag will be loaded.  
  
@note Setting this resultType will force queryType to QUERY_TYPE_BOOKMARKS.  
  
</pre>
### RESULTS_AS_TAG_CONTENTS ###
<pre>  
This is a container with an URI result type that contains the last  
modified bookmarks for the given tag.  
Tag folder id must be defined in the query.  
  
@note Setting this resultType will force queryType to QUERY_TYPE_BOOKMARKS.  
  
</pre>
### QUERY_TYPE_HISTORY ###

### QUERY_TYPE_BOOKMARKS ###

### QUERY_TYPE_UNIFIED ###
